gh-100239: specialize bitwise logical binary ops on ints (#128927)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Core_and_Builtins/2025-01-16-22-54-12.gh-issue-100239.7_HpBU.rst

> Specialize ``BINARY_OP`` for bitwise logical ops on non-negative ints.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specialize ``BINARY_OP`` for bitwise logical operations on non-negative compact ints.
```

> Specialize ``BINARY_OP`` for bitwise logical operations on non-negative compact ints.

Author: ```suggestion
Specialize ``BINARY_OP`` for bitwise logical operations on compact ints.
```
